I wrote this also as comment to princess Leonor, also about wu wei - under "What They Cut From Princess Leonor’s Speech Changes Everything…", btw. She inspires me.

Do not forget:

- What they cut from Mao's speech, started the Cultural Revolution.

But Wu Wei is here, not that I dislike Mao but that wu wei is:
- I let them cut off my speech and replace it. It's the joint energy which slowly fights every force to it's right place, and every distort force.
- I let them all change my activities: I protect myself about half of what I could, both in regards to infinity and finity.

I want them to make a financial statement: basis of Capitalism seem like basis of Society, but they really are basis of Capital:
- A material, Earth-bound thinking under a constitutional theory which takes it to the cutting edge.

Barebonely, I utilize mere Thermodynamic theory: basis of physics and mathematical systems, and for example through class theory (if you turn objects into classes and operate on them) it becomes spiritual: it orients to goal-based logic and if classes are calculated as instances, new space exactly matches infinity - it's trivially so that if physics can be shortly said as "optimizing for energy using robot-like built-in math, and fundamentally, Naturally so" - physics is below, then comes the human mind, and finally comes the spirit as a honourable field of sacred spirits. Material laws project into human mind, 1st order integral of energy is equilibrum, and human mind, the same way, projects into spirit: myriad beings and other tensor field based systems which optimize for various energies, collectively optimize for 2nd order integral, a total equilibrum.

If you protect yourself, you internalize the energy you need to protect yourself: not exercising it in cycles. Your spiritual goals are too ideal and material tradeoffs too "non-worldly" - you cannot conclude two worlds exist, then. What a misery is called Dukkha that they just firmly intervene each others and vice versa: if body is under mind, and beyond, it must be strong for anything in head to matter, anything in mind. For mind to be strong, one's spirit can be strong: the minds can be united in matter, the dynamics where we flow. This spirit is made of minds.

In my logic I call this "incompleteness", reasoning that by Godel we are progressing and transcending out logic systems, which means accelerated logic clearly bounds our society and technology are imperfect: it's not conspiracy theory, but symmetry of future visions to what we always were to ours past. Buddha calls this Dukkha, on sensitive field it's directly backwards.

To externalize your damage is that when you align your goal and interest with many, you exercise them as well: the internal cause needs to be external, so in wu wei you smootly flow and allow for capitalist dream to "know" on evolution, led by highest ambitions, but in wu wei this means you let the field fluctuate outside of you, and align to interest of many.

For example on my part in power dynamics, I am letting people break: as all this tends to break, I do not care if girls passing on street break for example, not satisfied of this love story we built globally on me. If the stories break, new stories are told: and accepted as probable reality to follow in futuristic balanced, based on past stories and present conditions into future highlights. I am coming from the future and in my timeline it's interesting that I remember them better than they remember me. My experience is the past, it collapses futures but the oracle paradox does not hold internally - internally I know what I would destroy into butterfly be reflecting and aligning on it, so it's kind of useless but kind of keeping the last guess; externally I can see infinities unfolding, just as Godel said: class or infinity is simply modelled to what he calls "logic system" related to instance or identity of it's parts: he said it's going to unfold indefinitively.

Cabbalah says there is "day and night", and this is normal; Vikings say it's Valhalla and we walk in dark and light; God in Bible said it's initial sacrifice regards to final battle around year 2000, after two millenia (good one and bad one) - well this is not very metaphysical, but it seems like a grand theme of anything especially if 2000 is yet symbolic and it's not exactly *now*, 26 years later after the war began by literality of Bible - Christ, thousand years, and thousand years, where year zero is definitely symbolizing Christ on timeline. Cabbalah also says if we case a circle of light around ourselves, a larger circle of equal darkness will surround it. Kybalion, Alchemical Hermetic system, says it's growing upwards but wobbling. Eastern religions state that we can block energies for different causes, and chakras would be closed - Taoism, Buddhism, Hinduism and other major religions call them "chakras", in East.

If you are not part of global, evolving dynamics of energy, you need to internalize pain. Your external shape reflects to your hologram cell - this is form of internalized pain, which is hardly conceived or externalized.

If you are part of global, evolving ecosystem, you need to externalize pain. You let it happen and walk on safe, steady and deep path of consequences others can feel - people often attack my grand plans, and I do not care. I let them do, because thermodynamics replaces wrong with the right, around every person personally, just slowly and steadily not in "naïve materialist dream of idealism": if sacrifice, penalty and rewards are removed from long-term planning stating they cannot be worse than short term plans, the ones you see if you want to idealize things happen by broken root, rather than healthy crown. This holds by countries, where roots are people and crown is lead, while in humans, root connects to past and crown to future. This holds in Yggdrasil, natural metaphor and Buddhism, Hinduism or Taoism through chakras - altough Taoists sometimes funnily move chakras, they say they learnt this from a (some) Tibetan lineage(s), they want to see something physical to happen there - so probably those Tibetans did show something physical, like Shaolin, and taught different system of chakras as explanation of these energies which physically applied.

Let other people break, not you: Taoist say surrender, Buddhist say accept the reality, and both are a little bit of wanderers, observing their lives and judging that different people have their own good and bad, and this makes systems non-linear - not based on good and bad alone, but also in short and long term applicability.
