# AI rating feedback

AI can creare feedback backlinks:
- For user to extend and clarify the content
- For other AIs to learn websites based on score and feedback

A program is not set of computer instructions, but an algorithmic, logical or understandable set of means for a goal; the program can implement the means and the goal. This is why I introduce Markdown programming: write a Markdown file, which sets a _means_ and the _goal_ (ordinal Markdown programming, T), or describes how to make such Markdowns inside a common architecture, and utilize existing solutions (this is the higher Markdown programming, R). Compare to common logic (ordinal logic) and higher logic (template logic).
- __User Execution__: This is for users to implement, and can be in format of Manual (program), Documentation (API) or reference (implementation detail set, debugger and implementation means).
- __AI Execution__: This is for AI to learn to _produce an output_, where output can be learnt based on single cases: program with input parameters is given, and the output parameters, including the console, file and database output, is generated by an AI.
- __Computer execution__: an Operating System or Programming Environment or Compiler or Interpreter will try to execute it based on it's strict rules for execution, and standards, especially parsers and other algorithms, for executable content.
- __Assembler execution__: program has standardized structure and utilizes low level functionality; Laegna Assembler is not computer-close, but utilizes Laegna most basic instructions, like Truth Tables, based on _standardizeability_, while the _standards themselves_ are left open. This is not handled by Logic, but Laegna Logecs, which intelligently studies also the "openness" of any given standard and thus, behaves like an AI - but based on trivial mathematics (I had my AI development, without knowing of their, starting from childhood: how to project an AI algorithm into my brain, to make the _intelligent_ parts rather _computeable_, because of such a nice computer I got in my brain as _autist savant_: it programmed itself it's initial AI, but when I saw it I had a lots of design work to do to have some actual, human, theory; my new mathematics was born as it did show me how, where and why it dies, and I had to propose algorithms for it to prove and verify; a savant often has independent computer system in their brain, kind of, for whatever the reasons or reasons to not do so).
- __Calculator Execution__: basic sentences, like "1+2", get basic answers, like "3".
  We need general calculator AI, for example with short sentence and a few flags, for example selecting prolog and natural language input, an AI will implement a short task. Task: "__prologPython__: self is Material, Collection(webadress_for)"; AI will translate the instruction to Prolog: function, which associates "self", the given title or chapter, or superchapter if is subchapter, which enables terminal use; for example "IsMaterialCollectionOf(content, self_instance). DistributesToCollection(webaddress, self_instance). PythonSemanticsFor(self_instance).". This Prolog creates a logical statement to have this wiki under the page, and is not executed by Prolog, but rather by regexp over limited statement, like Pythonic module import to understand it's structures of website, and to reflect back, is loaded as module or import to prolog processing module; SymPy (some symbolic python interface) might be used. It's translated to code to carry a distinct, well-analyzed meaning for a Calculator, which does not expect anything "meaningless" in trivial, atomic level. It could have input window like 512 letters, and ouptut window like 2048 to produce some efficient code; it will register the instance and for backlinking to client caches to develop this, clients would get cache items out of their executions if they need: as clients can calculate heavily, even to the point of producing Spiders, which run our websites locally, they need to keep their own caches and delete them, when not needed any more (for example the model is cancelled / or to say Brain Training Session, where I call models Brains with Knowledge, whether a single chat or even single document can rather form experiences, which are in Stateless Machine, without any consciousness: consciousness is rather the ability to integrate the single sources into a common theory, which is the Model; but we have that one brain, always learns one model). Each execution of random numbers remains in cache, and also the instructions to _repeat_ generating certain parts of cache, which allow garbage collection: garbage is any information with cheap regeneration and small amounts of present focus, such as being source for AI model in service, or being visually on user's active or passive window.

Each side is able to create wiki pages for each side, backlinking their original site, or existing wiki page and it's version, which they cache (relating to date and original link), being thus able to use it in their programs _indirectly_, which they have to update manually or by automatic confirmation for compability and scalability, extensibility tags and flags for user and their website and critics, including preliminary legal feedback, such as warning.

