# 🗑 Block counters

## Block Counters

For each article, a block counter counts the blocks, H1 title gets many blocks, and each level down gets a few:
- Main article has many blocks, whereas it shares with 2 or 3 nested documents, which also require space.
- Iteratively, they might close the output and thus release the rest of the space; this will be shared to higher and higher levels back, first belonging to it's own list of items on the same level.
- "Read Further ->" with further-arrow or triangle would appear at the end of each, under it's own level of custom or automatic title and summary, which can be AI generated snippet about the dynamic content, which comes later.
  - For our precognition law, the content once generated would remain static: each random seed must exist in GET, and they must be listed in cache list or it's regexp or other string detector.
  - "Wiki" is our term where users can: create backlink pages, which would represent a modification to local AI output, so that each Q&A pair is either fixed, associated with same content in different words or given difference on given axe, associated with analougous, hypothetically similar or for example same math in other language, or math derived from more subtle case or abstract. The Wikis can be made also for the Wikis, and generator can be _versioned_: they are integrated, and permanent Git backlink is left to serve the original query, where it can be _properly branched_ to fix the historic futures so that past version is reversioned, for example, to support specific extension or current state.
  - Code from different versions could be freely imported, mounting specific versions to your specific machine; basically just downloading to your subfolder? I don't like Python's version conflicts.
  - For some algorithms under certain setting, even manual contribution, predictability is hard to generate. Given set, then, must have _length_ and possibly contain list of it's members, perhaps associated with it's attachments; the list itself, in case of generators, can contain generated numbers. Given this name, the future generator creates the same list on future logic, and we could consider the yielding is minimal and rather contributes to some randomness element or rounding error positively, misdoing all the butterflies of logic (the _Butterfly Effect_ that for non-stable elements of logic, the unpredictability of outcome is rather necessary part of the algorithm).
- After Documents, the read further is also contained under __H1 TITLE__, because it's high-level element on it's own. In some cases there are several of them, to continue each H1 title - but then they are separately. This link rather gives you a chapter tree of given headers, and a long version of the initial nested document, which won't end until given number of blocks are reached. This is a generator, and user can change the book lengths from properties (these are almost books), and code is generated to get exactly that amount of that content next time, possibly with some files changed also referring to past version in GitHub - Spiders, Clients and Servers must somehow contribute to make some sense of it, where one needs to keep links to important versions active and supported: while Spiders and Browsers (which is more general than client) don't directly use the generators, but the code can generate code for them, which could be accepted by their user to execute local generators.
  - Stateless Change: basically, we need even to accept if all the DHTML, HTML, Json, Markdown and perhaps Anki files are _manually generated_ by the Spider of Local Tree, which studied your site and just saw the code for execution, as nothing did anything with it. Left to such situation, it would import all the Web Client factories and faculties, but generate local files, which can be served by proper standards and contain each format and cached data for each important request, where the user leaves only given set of possible requests instead of working with dynamic number: the number might choose the nearest member of the set, or the number combination thereof, or another layer of client code left still for later.
  - Backlinked requests can be made to execute some code: to fine-tune models, execute the queries such as chat answers, like summaries for your page, or to create embeddings and multidimensional space, where your content can be navigated within and around. These can be spread further involving whole networks, where even matrix solving can be shared into phases; here we need more randomization: imagine that we have 168*168 matrix of squares, each square represents a problem statement as partial solution of the set this matrix represents. Each cell is served on random basis, and the local random element merges to global stability, providing solutions for the set: having a specialized account is a special feature of a bot, which is otherwise fully-functional as a general bot; they involve users to solution by request, and they choose cards based on a rule, which serves them in balanced way to clients, which all use randomization. For example, only small percentage of clients might follow, dividing the factor by 100.

__Block Counters on Backlinks__:
- They are user-load-balancer.
- Basically, each block is a tensor: it's question, to be or not to be, visible or not, in each page, is a question it's tense about. Still we create it with complete logic.
- We count the tree down, give each branch some negative and positive score, positive for appearing at all and negative for taking space; it will load-balance the space and create visible effect of a _pager page_ in HTML, and a _book_, _article_ or _book collection_ in other hands: for example, one might really print 20 numbered books of generated math puzzles, and manually check solutions of each, being similar to mathematicians of past: whether, for real, an AI or the automata would lack some comments, related material, special cases, warnings etc. If whole humankind is working with one million-page book, suddenly they would somehow organize to get it analyzed by the human instinct and intuition itself, and align to the cases how they actually used it: they now got some experience. Frequential numbers, for that reason, can be _stretched_.
